Docs for composer create-project using vendors (#29)
packagist/private-packagist-docs: docs/setup.md

2. Assuming the organization URL name is `acme-company` run the command `composer init --repository="https://repo.packagist.com/acme-company/" --repository='{"packagist.org": false}'`

### composer create-project

> If you would like to use the `create-project` command to initialize a project using a template package named `acme/website` and for the version in your Private Packagist repository then these steps are required:

Reviewer: I am not sure what `and for the version ` is referring to

2. Assuming the organization URL name is `acme-company` run the command `composer init --repository="https://repo.packagist.com/acme-company/" --repository='{"packagist.org": false}'`

### composer create-project
If you would like to use the `create-project` command to initialize a project using a template package named `acme/website` in your Private Packagist repository then these steps are required:

1. Configure authentication on your machine. The command to set an authentication token is listed on the organization overview.
2. Run `composer create-project acme/website --add-repository --repository="https://repo.packagist.com/acme-company/" --repository='{"packagist.org": false}'`. This will create a new composer project for you.

> Once the command is finished, the created composer.json file will contain the added repositories:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the command is finished, the created composer.json file will contain your organization's repository URL and have packagist.org disabled so mirroring is fully used.
```
